For this assignment, I first started by implementing the make_matcher function
 as I was following the step by step instructions given in the assignment website.
As I continued implementing rest of the functions, I noticed that the make_matcher function 
actually gave me a solid foundation on how to work with grammars. The goal of 
make_matcher was to determine whether a given input fragment could be matched 
by the grammar. While writing it, I had to implement recursive functions 
that handled terminal symbol and non-terminal symbols, then implemented backtracking 
through the grammar rules.

Once I finished working on implementing the make_matcher, I then began implementing 
the make_parser function that used similar structure as the make_matcher. Even though 
make_matcher and make_parser did different things, where the make_parser returned a 
full parsed tree, and the make_matcher only checked for a match on fragments, they 
both follow similar recursive structure pattern during the implementation. Because 
of this reason, I chose to write make_parser in terms of the structure used in 
make_matcher. I did not call the same functions in make_parser which I wrote in 
make_matcher, instead I used the same logic and rewrote the helper functions to 
handle building the tree.

Both of these function use double recursion functions to process the rules 
and the different symbols. In make_matcher, the helper functions calls acceptors 
to check whether the remaining fragment is valid. In the make_parser, the similar 
helper functions are used where they also build up a parse tree. This addition 
requires adding new arguments such as subtree list to build up the tree structure 
during parsing.

Some fixes that can be implemented in the code is the issue of the duplication
 of the codes can be unorganized and confusing, but since this assignment doesn’t
 have too many functions that needed to be implemented, I decided to write the
 individual helper functions separately for each make_matcher and make_parser
 functions. Additionally, both of the functions only return the first ever
 successful match they find, where they do not try to explore any alternative
 possible rule combinations.

One major weakness in both make_matcher and make_parser is that they cannot
handle certain tricky grammar rules, specifically when those rules are recursive.
For example, if a nonterminal "A" is defined interms of itself such as 
"A -> A ...", or like "A -> B" and "B -> A", then the function will keep
calling each other over and over again without ever reaching a terminal symbol.
This causes  a infinite loop that produces no result. This happens because
the parser always tries to expand the first rule it sees without checking rest. 
With simpler grammars this isn't really a problem, however as we get more complicated grammars, it can 
become a problem. Additionally, since the function uses double recursion,
this means that the function calls build on top of each other, which can eventually
slow things down or even crash if the recursion goes in too deep. To fix such issues, 
or to make it even more efficient, it could be helpful to add logic that avoids
infinite loops from happening. 

In the end, the make_parser was implemented based on how I implemented make_matcher
 with some additional code to construct the parse tree. Even though this leads
to duplication of the code, it still keeps the two functions clear based on 
what they are supposed to do. 